### When logging-in with GitHub I am asked for a one-time code that I never receive in my email

Logging with GitHub means that the one-time code It’s being sent to the primary email in your GitHub account.

You may have created your GitHub account with an email you no longer monitor, so check [their documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/account-and-profile/setting-up-and-managing-your-personal-account-on-github/managing-email-preferences/changing-your-primary-email-address) on how to find out which one it is set as and change it if appropriate.

### What is the retention policy for the files generated by fal.ai?

The files generated by fal.ai are guaranteed to be available for at least **7 days**. After that, they may be deleted at any time. We recommend that you download and store on your own storage any files that you want to keep for longer.

### Can I use the generated files for commercial purposes?

Each model has its own license. Most of the endpoints available at fal are available for commercial use. Check for the label on each model page:

-   Commercial use : Commercial use is allowed. Even when the underlying model is not open-source, if it’s marked with this badge it means that fal has the necessary rights to provide the service for commercial use.
-   Research only : This model is available for research purposes only. You can use the API to generate images for research purposes, but you cannot use them for commercial purposes.

### What is the Partner API?

-   Partner API : Partner APIs are hosted by our partners. Therefore, we cannot offer percentage discount on them and cannot guarantee their availability.

### Is there a rate limit?

The rate limit for the API is **10 concurrent tasks** per user, across all endpoints. For enterprise customers, we can scale this up, [contact us](mailto:support@fal.ai) if you need more rate limits.

Note that we reserve the right to prioritize API requests over requests made through our Playground UI.

### Do you charge for failed requests?

Failures originated from our side, such as server errors or any HTTP status 5xx, are not charged. However, if the failure is due to an error in the request, such as an invalid input, which can result in HTTP status 422, the request will be charged.

### Do my credits expire?

Yes, the credits you purchase expire in 365 days. Free credits or credits from coupons expire in 90 days.

### Can I switch to an invoice-based payment?

Yes, we offer invoice-based payments for customers with higher volumes. Please [contact us](mailto:support@fal.ai) with information about your expected load.

### Do I pay for cold starts?

No, although cold start for our main endpoints is very rare, you will not be charged for them when they happen.

### Can I deploy my own models?

If you want access to deploy a model or app for your private use, please [contact us](mailto:support@fal.ai).

### Do you offer discounts?

Yes, we offer discounts for customers with higher volumes. Please [contact us](mailto:support@fal.ai) with information about your expected load.